carpolly (#15774)
qmk/qmk_firmware: keyboards/handwired/carpolly/readme.md

> # carpolly
> 
> *Keyboard Maintainer: Paul Enrico N. Viola (https://github.com/PollyV1)
> *Hardware Supported: Teensy 2 controller
> *Hardware Availability: https://github.com/PollyV1/Carpolly
> 
> carpolly - a handwired keyboard on a teensy 2 controller
> 
> https://imgur.com/w691sNn

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# carpolly

A handwired keyboard on a teensy 2 controller

![](https://i.imgur.com/w691sNnl.png)

* Keyboard Maintainer: Paul Enrico N. Viola (https://github.com/PollyV1)
* Hardware Supported: Teensy 2 controller
* Hardware Availability: https://github.com/PollyV1/Carpolly

```

> Make example for this keyboard (after setting up your build environment):

Reviewer: Could you add instructions on how to enter the bootloader, to flash new firmware? 

Eg: 
```markup
## Bootloader

Enter the bootloader in 3 ways:

* **Bootmagic reset**: Hold down the key at (0,0) in the matrix (usually the top left key or Escape) and plug in the keyboard
* **Physical reset button**: Briefly press the button on the back of the PCB - some may have pads you must short instead
* **Keycode in layout**: Press the key mapped to `RESET` if it is available
```
